It had been 18 years since my last visit to Indonesia.
How had Indonesia changed in the past two decades?
Since the band was lifted in 2001, let's find out.
Our trip started with the world's longest flight,
19 hours non-stop from New York to Singapore.
Then one more flight from Singapore to Jakarta.
Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, is a bustling metropolis
with a population of over 10 million people.
Once hidden away, our branch office now occupies
the 31st floor in one of the most modern office buildings in Jakarta.
We had the opportunity to spend a week with nearly 100 members
of the Indonesian Bethel family.
We enjoyed our association, worship, and delicious meals together each day.
Well, first of all, I would like to convey to you
love and greetings from the governing body.
There were also upbuilding meetings held with each of the various departments.
On Saturday, January 12, 2019, a special meeting was held.
Over 31,000 people throughout the country
were able to benefit from the program.
An update on our activities within Indonesia
was shared with the brothers and sisters.
This included a presentation about a special preaching campaign.
From August 18 to September 2, 2018,
the Asian Games, a large multi-sport event, was held in Indonesia.
Jehovah's Witnesses made a special effort to share the good news
with people from various cultures.
This included many from countries where our activity is limited.
Hundreds of publishers participated in public witnessing
at over 30 locations using literature in 21 languages.
A great witness was given to people from various countries,
tribes, and languages.
Additionally, an update was shared on the tragic events
of September 28, 2018, when a 7.7 magnitude earthquake
and tsunami struck Indonesia.
The brothers at the branch rang into action.
They took care of both the physical and the spiritual needs
of the brothers and sisters affected by this disaster.
I'm very grateful to Jehovah, the brothers from the branch office
and others whose prayers, examples, and presents
will help us to endure and keep on relying on Jehovah no matter what.
We never felt alone.
I was so joyful to feel the evidence of Jehovah's love.
This experience has helped me to see that Jehovah is a real God.
I felt as David did when he said at Psalm 103.2.
Let me praise Jehovah. May I never forget all that he has done.
These reports were very faith-strengthening.
It was encouraging to see how Jehovah has blessed the work in Indonesia.
Since the band was lifted in 2001, the preaching work has accelerated
and the hard work of the brothers is clearly evident.
By the end of the week, we embraced old friends and made many new ones.
As the visit ended, it was hard to say goodbye.
But as we boarded the plane home, we took with us encouragement
and experiences that we will cherish for years to come.